So that would allow us
technically to solve for
some of the issues along the way.
Now, one of things I should point out,
because it will kinda come up in a second,
is a whole second set of functionality
within Cloud Front for programming.
And that one is,
you can see right here, functions.
So lambda functions and
CloudFront functions are different,
you're like, great.
We'll talk about CloudFront
functions in a second.
They are basically can do a whole
lot less for a whole lot cheaper and
a whole lot faster, right?
So we'll talk about those briefly,
we're gonna mostly focus
just on the lambda edge ones, because
they're a little bit more flexible and
most CloudFront functions
are just a subset of that.
All right, great, fantastic.
So we can go set those up the same way
we set up basically anything else,
which is for any other lambda,
which is to go to lambda.
Now, it's kinda wild like
they've radically changed
the UI here, and
it's still a little tricky, right?
So we can go ahead and
we can create a new function.
Now you see that this is also
called functions here, but
now we're in lambda instead of CloudFront,
I don't make the rules.
So we can go to say Create function,
and we get a function name.
We're gonna call this one
fixed security headers,
hypothetically, that might
be a thing that we wanna do.
We can pick a runtime, Yeah,
seems you thought code
yumo was precarious,
you don't want to see me do ruby.
I used to write ruby,
I don't think I can anymore.
Cool, so we've got that all in place.
Awesome.
If you needed to talk to something else
you need to give it network access we
don't.
We're simply gonna rewrite
a bunch of headers.
And you can see it's thinking down there.
I made this like booboo
which I am in us-east-2, so
my guess, this is probably good,
I'm glad I did it,
is if I go to add trigger,
I'm not gonna see CloudFront in here.
Which is good because if I didn't
make that mistake and you did,
then you would see, I don't see
CloudFront, something must be terrible.
The other thing I probably will
not see is over an actions,
I will not see the ability
to play to lambda at edge.
That is because I am in us-east-2,
instead of us-east-1.
Like I said before when in doubt we
wanna make sure we're in us-east-1 for
a lot of the CloudFront stuff.
So we'll go over back to lambda which I
should be in there it just takes a while,
so we'll create a function again.
Great.
So give that a second to spin up.
And now if I go to Add trigger,
I go to Select a trigger,
I should see CloudFront shows up.
So that's an important note, if you
don't see it it's not because I took
away support, it's just you're
in Ohio instead of Virginia.
Or you're on the west coast or
you're in Europe or Asia or wherever.
So we have all those in place, so
now I wanna select perhaps a trigger,
will say CloudFront and
I wanna deploy a new version
function global to AWS locations.
Now, basically, there are some
limitations, none of them are meaningful
to us versus regular but they just want
to make sure that you know, this is
gonna go distributed, it's not exactly
the same as one function one place.
Cool.
So we've got all of this,
we don't actually have
a function to deploy just yet.
But this is where you have to make
sure that you set one of these,
Also we all had one cache behavior in our
case and this should be our CloudFront
distribution, and
then you would acknowledge.
But let's go actually write
a function this case.
Now this one the one that we get by
default will be basically saying listen,
the event that comes in respond to it with
a 200 saying hello from lambda, right?
Don't even check us 3,
forget everything, I know what to do,
I'm a web server, everything is great,
just say hello no matter what.
And honestly, you know what?
Let's deploy it, right?
We go ahead, you can test it out by giving
a test event,
any kind of just JSON object,
there's a bunch of templates to have.
You can have a CloudFront access request,
I don't think these are super helpful.
But you got the event, you got a response.
We can go ahead, we can save,
I just hit Command + S,
I think you can do file save too.
And then we can hit Deploy.
Now that is deployed to lambda,
it is not deployed to CloudFront, I know.
Here we go to actions, and
once it is deployed into lambda,
we can then send it out
to the CloudFront nodes.
Lambda@Edge, we're gonna
say that this is a,
we're doing viewer request so
it doesn't get cache invalidation.
So before you check lambda,
just respond with this hello, or
before you check CloudFront just
respond with this hello in this case.
And we acknowledged I'm defining
new versus function and
we published it, this is like the,
you could break things, right?
And we know what we're
doing at this point.
This is a fun little edge case.
Your function execution role
must be assumable by edge lambda
AWS service principle.
So what we need to do is actually go ahead
and edit the policy document in this case.
Because the default one that
it makes is only for lambda,
Amazon AWS.com it didn't
automatically do this piece for you.
The issue as I mentioned before,
is we got yelled at like, hey,
you don't necessarily have the role for
doing that.
Because I made one the wrong region
I actually have two roles and
I'm not entirely sure which one it is,
so I'll just do it twice.
Which is we got these trust relationships.
And we'll go ahead and edit it.
And it's basically what it said before,
which is, hey,
you said we didn't have permission for
edge lambda.amazonaws.com.
And it made this,
you notice that I didn't make this file so
I don't know why I'm getting yelled at.
But we can go ahead and just say,
okay, cool, making an array.
And we'll set the trust relationship
is both lambda.aws.com,
amazonaws.com and edge lambda.
I will copy this as I have to do
it twice since I made a booboo.
>> Could you show again
where you got to that?
>> Yes, I will literally.
So in IAM, we go to Roles and
then I have these two,
then we click on the role
under Trust relationships,
we hit Edit trust relationship.
>> So if we don't have those roles?
>> Yeah, the first time you wanted to
play should make them on your behalf.
So if we hit Deploy once it should go
ahead, set most of everything up for
you, but not enough to be helpful, right?
As well.
You notice that we could hit Deploy and
then it went up there to the new version,
it was only that kinda
special drop down for
deploy to lambda at edge that
we got the issue before.
So we can make that a viewer request
because it's kind of our dummy version
Let's see, does it take a second,
I might have to, you know what it is?
Watch what happens if I refresh
the page And I click it again.
Even if you fix it,
you don't refresh the page,
they cached it somehow [LAUGH] and
it doesn't work.
But if you refresh the page,
it's the old like, did you turn it off and
turn it back on again?
Cuz then it totally works.
All right, cool, so
if I've done everything right,
I should have broken my page, right?
We should get that hello from lambda,
Let's go to the core one,
it might not have fully deployed yet.
Like the one time I want my page
to have broken, it's like no, no,
here's the yellow version of your page.
So it could still be deploying for
a moment.
While we buy ourselves some time
as it goes to all the edge nodes,
let's talk about how to get rid of
that in case you make a booboo, right?
Cuz that was an intentional booboo that
we're gonna have to get rid of, so
we'll go ahead and check it out.
Go back into CloudFront,
I was still deploying as you could see.
Remember, before we kind
of skipped there was
all of the different functions
that we had along the way.
We can go ahead and
we can find that in there as well,
trying to do memory thinking
sort of behaviors Yep.
So you can see on viewer requests,
we have a lambda edge function that
has been registered, that is the one
that we created in us-east-1.
That's just, yeah.
Fix security header,
you can replace that with another one or
version one is that one
that we hit Deploy once,
you can roll it back to a previous
version, so on and so forth.
If you needed to stop, you can hit
No association and go for it, right?
Did it break my site yet?
Okay, we got at least got an arrow, which
means our function is totally working,
it just failed validation, which is super
interesting for the one that they gave us.
But let's go ahead and
actually put in a helpful one.